{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\f0\fs36 Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur\par
Student\rquote s Gymkhana\par
\pard\qr\b0\fs24 Dated: 30th January, 2003\par
\pard\par
Draft minutes of the 14\super th\nosupersub  meeting of Student\rquote s Senate held on 19\super th\nosupersub  January, 2003 in SAC conference room at 2:00 p.m.\par
\par
\b\i The following members were present:\i0\par
\b0 1: Yogesh Verma\tab 2: Vishwesha G\tab\tab 3: Anurag Agarwal\par
4: Piyush Dubey\tab 5: Indrajit Roy\tab\tab 6: Ankur Pathela\par
7: Koushik Pal\tab\tab 8: Vaibhav Vaish\tab 9: K.K.Singhania\par
10: Rahul Mundra\tab 11: Anshul\tab\tab 12: Amit Rohatgi\b\par
\b0 13: Pankaj Kumar\tab 14: Anshul Agarwal\tab 15: Sunil Jha\par
16: T.Venkatesh\tab 17: Brajesh Pandey\tab 18: Sharad Gupta\par
19: Ratul Sarkar(Acting President, Students' Gymkhana)\par
20: Tapan Kumar gupta (Representative of General Secretary, Cultural)\par
\par
\b\i The following members were absent with prior permission:\i0\par
\b0 1: Ashish Garg\tab\tab 2: Nihit Purwar\tab\tab 3: Puneet Malhotra\par
4: Kanchan Kumar\tab 5: Rohit Mathur\tab\tab 6: Gunjan Chhaya\b\par
\b0\par
\b\i The following members were absent without prior permission:\i0\par
\b0 1: Kumari Jahnavi\tab 2: Vinay Pahaljani\tab 3: Anirban Mondal\par
4: Vaibhav Krishna\tab 5: Y.D.Mishra\tab\tab 6: Gunjan Pandey\par
\par
\b\par
\i Item No. 1 (Ratification of minutes of 12\super th\nosupersub  and 13\super th\nosupersub  meeting)\i0\par
\tab\b0 The minutes were ratified after slight changes.\par
\par
\b\i Item No. 2 (Announcements and Remarks)\i0\par
\tab Convenor:\par
\pard\fi-1530\li1530\tab\tab\b0 1:SAC Cafeteria contract has been given to a new vendor. He would be taking charge from February onwards.\par
\pard\li720\b General Secretary S&T:\par
\tab\b0 1: Robotics workshop was held successfully with around 120 participants.\par
\pard\li720\b General Games:\par
\pard\fi-900\li1620\tab\b0 1: Bridge lecture is going to be held organized by Gymkhana Lecture and discussion club.\par
\pard\li720\b Finance Convenor:\par
\pard\fi-900\li1620\tab\b0 1:Finance Convener informed Senate that DOSA has a opinion to follow the old budget.\par
\pard\b\par
\i Added Item No.1 (Presentation of mid-term report by Convenor)\i0\par
\b0\tab\par
\pard\fi720 Report was presented by convenor students\rquote  senate. It was suggested that in the report Galaxy Opinion Poll results should be included. In report it should also be mentioned that UDGOSH was sponsored by the institute with special thanks to director. Further report should be supplemented with club activities description from each executive. \par
\pard\par
\b\i Item No. 3(Discussion over the dates of Gymkhana Elections)\i0\par
\par
\b0\tab Convenor opined that lot of General Body Members were of the opinion to hold election on time. But General Secy S&T expressed his concern that he would hardly get any time for preparation of Techkriti if elections are held in Feb. He said that feedback from General Body members should have been taken much earlier and election should have taken place at some time in start of Jan. General body members asked explanations about the fact that why election were postponed (which already have fix date in constitution) on behalf of festivals. \par
\tab Concern were raised on the statement given by the Director in the General ody meeting regarding shifting of Antargani. Senate strongly felt that through mid term report we should express our concern.\par
\tab Finally it was felt that if charge hand-over is done on time it will be for the benefit of new senate. Hence election procedure should be started without keeping in view the amendment procedure. After discussion senate decided to hold the Gymkhana General Elections on 12\super th\nosupersub  february.\par
\par
\b\i Item No. 4(Discussion on the proposed amendments)\i0\par
\par
\ul Article #3.02\par
\ulnone\b0\tab Following the discussion in Item No. 3 it was felt that there was no need to amend this article. The election date, the article has some purpose and while scheduling any festival it should be taken into account. However it was proposed that a new item should be added putting constraint over charge handover date.\par
\par
\ul\b Article #3.11\par
\ulnone\b0\tab Discussion over this amendment was proposed to next meeting as the rules and procedure to be followed in the election were not distributed. However it was felt that these rules should not become part of the constitution in order to retain the flexibility of the system, because if they become part of the constitution, then whole amendment procedure has to be followed to change them.\par
\par
\ul\b Article #1.03\par
\ulnone\b0\tab It was felt that the proposed amendment will transfer the powers in the hand of senate to Chief Counselor. Hence, the present article should remain as it is, but an amendment should be proposed for the article mentioning that DOSA will act as chief counselor.\par
\par
\ul\b Article #4.5(e)\par
\ulnone\b0\tab It was felt that the proposed amendment will again transfer the power from the hands of student senate. On the issue of wrong decision taken by senate one General Body member made clear that there is a Student Governance Body which can always object wrong decision taken by senate. \par
\b\par
\ul Article #3.04(b)\par
\ulnone\b0\tab A lot of discussion was held on this issue. Two possibilities came into picture, one that the election from the final year batch should take place dividing the batch in two parts one with all five year program students and one with four year program students and similarly dividing seats based on strength. Other was that such person should vacate office in May and re-election to be held. Hence it was felt that present amendment need to be reframed.\par
\par
\ul\b Article #4.06(b)\par
\ulnone\b0\tab This amendment was alright.\par
\par
\ul\b Amendment #7\par
\ulnone\b0\tab It was made clear that at present UGSAAC and PGSAAC convenor is the chair of UGSAAC and PGSAAC meetings and there is no need of appointing a new chair. Hence we should not go on with this amendment. \par
\par
\ul\b Amendment #8\par
\ulnone\b0\tab It was felt that this should be replaced by \lquote other equivalent Master\rquote s Program\rquote .\par
\pard\fi-720\li720 Since other amendments were put only 2 days before the meeting hence there was consensus to take discussion over those amendments in the next meeting.\par
\pard   \par
\b\i Item No. 5(Discussion over the reformulation of CPA)\i0\par
\pard\fi-720\li720\b0\tab General Secretary Games proposed to replace evening exercises by CPA activities as evening exercises prove to be futile. Senate also agreed with the fact and asked General Secretary to prepare a proposal regarding that.\par
\pard\b\par
\i Added Item No. 2(Explanation of senators to account for their absence without prior permission in two meetings)\i0\par
\pard\li720\b0 Convenor said that he received a resignation letter from Yagyadatta Mishra, but it was felt that since already he had been absent from the senate meetings for four meetings without prior information, hence he shall ceased to be a senator. On a similar basis Vinay Phalgani was ceased to be a senator. \par
Indrajit Roy gave his explanation for absence which was accepted by the senate. Anshul also gave explanation through a letter but it was felt that those explanation need to be further clarified. \par
Anurag Agarwal also gave explanations for his absence which was accepted by the senate. \par
Convenor proposed a censure motion against Kumari Jhanvi, Anshul, KK Singhania, Ankur Pathela, and Vaibhav Krishna for not providing any explanation of the show cause notice issued to them.\par
\par
\pard\b\i Item No. 6(Discussion over structure and working of Central Vigilance Committee)\i0\par
\pard\fi-720\li720\tab\b0 Some senators expressed their view that soft copy of the structure is not sufficient. So, before discussion a hard copy should also be distributed.\par
\pard\par
\b\i Added Item No. 2(Ratification of Core Committee of Antaragni)\i0\par
\pard\fi-720\li720\b0\tab Since the notice was not put on notice board hence it was asked to put the names on noticeboard. Since there was urgency hence the names were ratified subject to no objection by the general body within 48 hrs.\par
\pard\b\par
\i Item No. 7(Questions to Executives)\i0\par
\pard\li720\tx630\b0 A General Body member present asked questions from the President reagrding improper publicity of GBM and  not including the statement given by the director in the minutes. \par
On behalf of President, Convenor explained that issue of hastiness and publicity was made clear by President in the last meeting. \par
It was also proposed that an amendment regarding quorum of GBM should be proposed.\par
\pard\li720 On question about ticket selling for Ritambhara, senators requested acting General Secretary, Cultural to convey to General Secretary, Cultural that there should be no ticket sales for Ritambhara.\par
\pard\fi720       \par
\pard\b\i Item No. 8(Any other item with the permission of chair)\i0\par
\par
\pard\li720\b0 General Secretary Games informed that one of the assistant Games Secy did nothing and he should be removed. On this issue senate appreciated the initiative taken by General Secretary, Games & requested him to propose that in the next meeting.\par
\par
On issue of Hall 1 gate convenor informed that he along with President had gone to Deputy Director and he told to them that he has received consent of Hall 1 HEC. Hence matter regarding that should be discussed in HEC meeting.\par
\pard\i\par
\pard\qc\b At this point meeting was called off.\i0\par
\pard  \par
\par
\par
\pard\qr\b0 (Yogesh Verma)\par
Convener, Students' Senate\par
\pard\par
CC-\tab All Gymkhana Notice Boards\par
\tab SBRA & Hall-7 Notice boards\par
\tab All Senators\par
\tab All Executives\par
\tab All Hall Presidents\b\par
\b0  \tab\par
\par
   \par
}
 